Dan once spilled Wil Wheaton’s drink at a convention.
Dan only listens to the Mountain Goats.
Dan has a blood vendetta against Kroger.
Dan makes really good Korean bean paste buns.
Dan broke his arm throwing a baseball.
In middle school, Dan wrote horrible, horrible Blade Runner fan-fiction.
Dan owns a Coca-Cola brand bike.
Dan is a certified elf spotter.
Dan dislikes most seafood.
Dan once got extremely lost (for hours) wandering around a foreign country.
Dan once had to pickup pieces of brick that had fallen off his elementary school as a detention.
Dan stole a rock from a Swiss mountain.
Dan could talk his way out of most punishments as a child.
Dan competed in a 14 hour math competition.
Dan was asked to display a project at a national science center.
Dan once made eye contact with the school bus driver as he drove past him.
Dan owns more board game boxes than actual board games.
Dan played in over 50 soccer games without scoring a goal.
Dan once won a prize in an essay contest on accident.
Dan has over 2,000,000 reddit karma.
Dan contemplated his mortality on the bus to elementary school.
Dan lost a Mock Trial competition by 1 point out of 100.
Dan once had a solo in the musical West Side Story, where he spent the whole time screaming in a Brooklyn accent.
Dan wore Spider-man underwear for longer than he'd like to admit.
Sometimes, Dan goes LARPing in the forest with his friends using homemade swords and shields. Guess who else in club he goes with!
Dan was part of a small, private tour of a NASA facility.
Dan once tipped a dryer on a man’s legs. Watch out.
Dan began his life trend of staying up late on Thursdays by going to an orchestra once a month.
Dan has played over 50 rounds of golf and has never scored below 70 once.
Dan has a complicated mental map of locations he frequents in his dreams.
Dan took karate lessons as a kid (and has a tiny black belt as proof).
Dan has gotten a quarter of the way through Catch-22 six times.
Dan was once a model for Totes Baby Boots.
Dan wants to be Spider-Man when he grows up.
Dan has thrown up in at least 10 states.
Dan once had the cops called on him and his friends at 1:00 AM. Upon their arrival, the cops discovered five young boys dressed in SEAL Team gear and carrying nerf guns. He was 18 years old.
Dan found out his first crush was moving away the week he planned to ask her out.
Dan has an encyclopedic knowledge of every quote from Spongebob seasons 1-4.
Dan genuinely enjoyed The Phantom Menace, but don’t tell anyone that.
Dan has never met a cat who didn’t immediately love him.
In the morning, Dan weighs 139 pounds. At night, he weighs 145!
Dan has watched every episode of Fruits Basket three times. 
Dan once went on a vacation to the mountains of north Pennsylvania, where he met a local oligarch named Olga.
